So our last video, we set up our portfolio here.
Now we need to add it to our store by importing it
first of all, so this portfolio module we just created, add it here to the modules object again and here,
I'm just repeating this portfolio means that we have the long version, would be portfolio portfolio.
So this is now set up,
now we can use all the actions and the getters here to also update our portfolio and to make this
buy button work,
let's look at the buy button.
So in the stock.vue here,
I do have my buy stock method here
and in this method, I now finally want to use this order I created to dispatch it.
So here I can say this store dispatch, of course I could also map my actions and then call this
action here
but I want to do it like this, dispatch
and now the name of the action is buy stock.
Now this action is in the stocks module whereas the mutation is in the portfolio module,
you could argue that both should be in the same module and I wouldn't necessarily disagree,
I also want to show though that you can of course commit mutations across modules here,
this is why I chose to use this set up and of course you could also say that the action should occur
in the stocks module whereas then the updating of the portfolio really belongs to the portfolio
module, that would be a different argument.
So with that, I can simply dispatch buy stock here and I need to pass the order as a second argument,
as my payload.
Now in the stocks.js file, buy stock doesn't do much right now does it,
it doesn't commit anything
so here we need to commit buy stock and here we see this global namespace, even though it's a different module
buy stock here,
we'll refer to this buy stock mutation.
And there of course we also need to pass our order as an argument
to this mutation so that this mutation is able to pull the data it needs to pull.
So with that, if we set it up like this, we're actually able to dispatch this action and we can already
have a tiny look at this,
if we open up the console and try buy, at least we don't see an error
so that looks good.
Now to finally see if that works,
I'll remove this console log and now I want to go to my portfolio and make sure that the portfolio is actually
printed to the screen so that we can see if it gets updated,
if that works. For that, let's head over to the portfolio.vue
file and here I first of all also want to set up a div which wraps everything, then I need
some stock components like I do have here, my stocks module.
Now I will copy the code from this stock.vue file
and of course that's always a good sign that you might want to refactor it though I will change quite
a lot of that code which as I explained at the beginning of this module is the reason why I decided to
use two different components instead of one but you may feel free of course to merge them into one.
Now first of all, what I'll change is
I'll get rid of the buy stock method and then I need to work on this template.
The general layout here is fine, though it starts here at the subtitle,
we'll not only have a price, we'll also have a quantity here,
so I also want to output stock quantity, a field we do have
because that is what I'll set up here in my stocks
array, when I add a new stock it has this quantity field
therefore I can access it here when outputting an individual stock.
Of course we also have an input where we are able to buy things with v-model here,
so that's all fine and I also want to make sure that we're not selling less than we have so that we're
not selling less than zero,
I will soon add some checks to also make sure we're not selling more than we have as well as on the
stocks module to make sure we're not buying more than we can afford.
But for now, I'll do it like it is and here I'll name this sell, again
we'll soon be adjusted to then really differ a bit more from the other stock file.
So with this in place, we get this hooked up,
we should name this sell stock here and then I want to add my sell stock method, so I'll implement sell stock
here and sell stock
will now create an order as well, in this order
I of course will have a stock ID so this stock ID, I want to have a stock price,
this stock price
and we also want to have a quantity, the quantity we enter into this field which is bound with
v-model to our return property here,
our quantity property here, excuse me. I do have access to the price,
oh that should be a colon,
so I do have access to the price here because in my portfolio module in my store, when getting a stock
portfolio, I'm mapping each object in this array and I do add this price field.
Now the only thing we're not doing right now is we're never using the stock portfolio getter, we're not
using it here in the single stock item because that's not the place where we should use it and the
portfolio component is pretty empty.
We'll work on this soon
but let me first finish this stock component because after creating the order, we of course want to dispatch
it
and now I'll show a different way to do this by importing map actions from vuex, since I only have
one action here, that is a bit well too much work or you wouldn't actually need to do this, you could
directly dispatch it here
but I'll show it anyways.
So here I'll use the three dots to then call map actions and distribute all the properties
this is going to create for us and then here, I'll pass an array and I will simply import sell stock,
this now gives me access to this sell stock here.
I can now execute this safely because I know this action will be created by map actions for me,
you could also pass an object here and map a different name for you to use in this component here
then the one you set up in the store, sell stock is the name of this method in the store.
With that we set up this, now the next step is to go to our portfolio and actually load all our stocks
there.
So let's do that next.